In order to fix the given website, I approached revising the website by fixing section by section. I began fixing the header first. I used semantic elements to help specify each section. For example, I removed the div tag and replaced it with a header tag to be more descriptive. Additionally, after revising the html file for the header, I went into the css file to configure the code to help reflect the changes done to the html file. Throughout this process, I would repeatedly refresh the page in my google chrome to ensure there was not any cosmetic changes. Furthermore, I fixed one of the links in the header, by adding an id tag.
After finishing the header section, I revised the img by calling the source in the html file and not in the css file. I created a new section and used the img tag in order to do so. I wanted only styling to be within the css file, so it made more logical sense for me to have the image called in the html file. 
Furthermore, I moved towards the text block in the middle of the page and repeated the same process. I first removed the div tag and replaced it with a section tag. Additionally, I created new ids and class for each text in order to have more concise css file. 
For the information on the side, I removed the div tag and replaced with an aside tag. I also added different ids and classes so that I could condense the css file. 
Finally, I also changed the last div tag into a footer tag. Doing this allowed me to remove the footer class that was associated with the div tag. 